W-11026177 Amazon S3 6.0 (#1946)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-s3/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-s3-connector-config-topics.adoc

= Amazon S3 Connector 6.0 Additional Configuration
:page-aliases: connectors::amazon/amazon-s3-connector-config-topics.adoc

> == Create Object Operation

Reviewer: Can be dropped now (the description is at the field level, and there is no such specific thing).

> In the `Create Object` operation, set the `Content Length` to a value greater than zero. If the `Content Length` is set to zero (0), the `Create Object` operation creates a zero-byte object.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what Adam is referring to here so I will edit it just in case.

Reviewer 2: Text needs * instead of ` for the operation and field.

> == Use an AWS KMS Master Key

Reviewer: Now there is not a single field for this, but multiple fields inside the ObjectMetadata object.

> To encrypt objects that you want to store in S3 buckets using customer-managed master keys, specify a Customer Master Key ID in the `KMS Master Key` field in the `Create Object` configuration.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as previously. I would also put Custom Master Key ID in lower case.

[[prereq]]
== Before You Begin for Source Operations

> Amazon S3 source operations use Amazon SQS for notification of when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon S3 source operations use Amazon SQS for notifying when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket.
```

> There are multiple scenarios for the `On New Object` and `On Deleted Object` Amazon S3 source operations:

Reviewer 2: Global - asterisks for operations and field names

> There are multiple scenarios for the `On New Object` and `On Deleted Object` Amazon S3 source operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple scenarios for the *On New Object* and *On Deleted Object* Amazon S3 sources:
```

[source,json,linenums]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "sqs:DeleteMessage",
                "sqs:GetQueueUrl",
                "sqs:ReceiveMessage",
                "sqs:GetQueueAttributes"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:sqs:REGION:ACCOUNT_ID:QUEUE_NAME"
        }
    ]
}
----

Additionally, to enable the queue to receive messages when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket, create a policy for the queue in this format:

[source,json,linenums]
----
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "arn:aws:sqs:REGION:ACCOUNT_ID:QUEUE_NAME/SQSDefaultPolicy",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "Sid1593770403887",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": "*",
      "Action": "SQS:SendMessage",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:sqs:REGION:ACCOUNT_ID:QUEUE_NAME",
      "Condition": {
        "ArnLike": {
          "aws:SourceArn": "arn:aws:s3:::BUCKET_NAME"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
----

[[queue-created-by-source]]
== Queue Is Created by Source

> If the queue is created by the source operation, the queue name has the prefix `MULE-S3-TRIGGER`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the queue is created by the source, the queue name has the prefix `MULE-S3-TRIGGER`.
```

When the queue is created by the source, the user must have permission to both create a queue and set the queue attributes:

[source,json,linenums]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "sqs:DeleteMessage",
                "sqs:ReceiveMessage",
                "sqs:GetQueueAttributes",
                "sqs:CreateQueue",
                "sqs:SetQueueAttributes",
                "sqs:GetQueueUrl"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:sqs:REGION:ACCOUNT_ID:MULE-S3-TRIGGER-*"
        }
    ]
}
----

> When the queue is created by the source operation, an SQS policy is added to the queue when the S3 object is created or deleted in the bucket in the following format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the queue is created by the source, an SQS policy is added to the queue in the following format when the S3 object is created or deleted in the bucket :
```

[source,json,linenums]
----
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "example-ID",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "example-statement-ID",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "*"
    },
      "Action": "SQS:SendMessage",
      "Resource":QUEUE_ARN,
      "Condition": {
        "ArnLike": {
          "aws:SourceArn": "BUCKET_ARN"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
----

[[configuration-is-created]]

> == Notification configuration for S3 bucket events is already created

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Notification Configuration for S3 Bucket Events is Already Created
```

> To correctly use a source for a notification configuration that already exists, user just needs to specify notification configuration name in the ADVANCED tab of the source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To correctly use a source for a notification configuration that already exists, you must specify the notification configuration name in the ADVANCED tab of the source:
```
